In the final project, I want to implement a game similar to Plague Inc. First there will be a world map, each country has different characteristics. Players choose a country to spread the virus at the beginning, and the virus can generate points in the process of spreading, and players can use these points to buy new virus features. After a certain time, the virus will be discovered and an antidote will be developed. When all the people in the world are infected, the player will win, but when the antidote is successfully developed, the player will lose, and the key to the player's victory is whether the virus characteristics can be properly selected.

The reason I want to choose this project is that the game Plague Inc is so fun! Although I haven't ruled the world with all the viruses, I'm still working on it! If I can write a similar game myself, even though the function is much simpler, I will still have a great sense of achievement. So it can be seen that my background is derived from the understanding of this game, and I already have a framework.
In the first week, I will use cinder to build a world map, and the accumulation of infected people will be visualized through cinder; in the second week, I will add the effect of virus characteristics on the virus and infection efficiency to the game; the third week , I will add the antidote development process to the game.

The additional content is that the virus will have two effects, one is to infect humans, and the other is to kill the infected people. The characteristics of the virus will have infectivity and lethality. If the lethality is too high, it will cause the infected people to die prematurely, so it is impossible for people all over the world to be infected and die. The goal of the game is to kill people all over the world.
